README.md, before:

Vineyard Module 
========================================

Author : Bruno Généré      <bgenere@webiseasy.org>


The aim of this module is to manage the complete life cycle of vine cultivation.
You could track all operations and tasks done by plots of land, type of vine and collect results.

Using this module the vine cultivation could be followed and enhanced as needed year by year. 

Main features
--------------------

This module is under development.

Current list of features :

- Plots of land catalog (first draft)


Pre-requisites
-----------------------

This module targets the Dolibarr platform. (>= 4.0.x)


Install
-------

- Follow the process described at <https://wiki.dolibarr.org/index.php/Custom_module_install>

Contributions
-------------

Feel free to contribute and report defects at <https://github.com/bgenere/vignoble/issues>

Licenses
--------

### Main code

GPLv3 or (at your option) any later version.

Click GPLv3 icon at the bottom of this page for more information.

### Other Licenses

#### [Parsedown](http://parsedown.org/)

Used to display this README in the module's about page.
Licensed under MIT.

#### [GNU Licenses logos](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/license-logos.html)

Public domain

Commit message:

#28 updated readme with list of actual features and my email adress

README.md, after:

Vineyard Module 
========================================

Author : Bruno Généré      <bruno.genere@encom1.fr>


The aim of this module is to manage the complete life cycle of vine cultivation.
You could track all operations and tasks done by plots of land, type of vine and collect results.

Using this module the vine cultivation could be followed and enhanced as needed year by year. 

Main features
--------------------

Current list of features :

- Plots of land catalog
- Project tasks extension to follow activity by plot
- Create stock movements following product packaging  
- List of orders and deliveries by products on a given time frame.


Pre-requisites
-----------------------

This module targets the Dolibarr platform. (>= 4.0.x)


Install
-------

- Follow the process described at <https://wiki.dolibarr.org/index.php/Custom_module_install>

Contributions
-------------

Feel free to contribute and report defects at <https://github.com/bgenere/vignoble/issues>

Licenses
--------

### Main code

GPLv3 or (at your option) any later version.

Click GPLv3 icon at the bottom of this page for more information.

### Other Licenses

#### [Parsedown](http://parsedown.org/)

Used to display this README in the module's about page.
Licensed under MIT.

#### [GNU Licenses logos](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/license-logos.html)

Public domain
